feat: navigation pattern and bugs fixes (#3346)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/patterns/navigation/index.mdx

- **Product features**: Something with a distinct Twilio name (e.g., Voice, Engage) or groups of task-based features (e.g., Queue stats, Insights)
- **Product-wide features**: Controls that apply to the entire product, like search, support, and user settings.

These are different from Twilio’s internal definition of these terms, but are used in these guidelines for simplicity.

### What’s an account, workspace, or user?

At Twilio, we define accounts, users, and workspaces as:

- **Account**: In Twilio Console, a group of resources that are administered and billed together. Similar to workspaces in Segment. [Read more about accounts.](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360011132374-Getting-Started-with-Twilio-Accounts-and-Subaccounts)
- **Workspace**: In Segment, a group of sources that are administered and billed together. Similar to accounts in Twilio Console. [Read more about workspaces.](https://segment.com/docs/guides/#whats-a-workspace)
- **User**: A person with a login. Users can have access to multiple accounts or workspaces.

### Layout and composition

To decide where to place new navigation elements, use these general principles:

> - The **Sidebar** is where customers navigate between product features using [Sidebar Navigation](/components/sidebar-navigation), or where they control Sidebar visibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Sidebar** is where customers navigate between product features using [Sidebar Navigation](/components/sidebar-navigation) and where they can control the Sidebar's visibility.
```

Original phrasing was confusing on reread.

- The **left side of the Topbar** is where customers navigate to account or workspace controls.
- The **right side of the Topbar** is where customers find product- or experience-wide features, like search, [Product Switcher](/components/product-switcher), and [User Dialog](/components/user-dialog).
- **Navigating within a product feature** should be handled at the page-level, with components like [In-Page Navigation](/components/in-page-navigation) and [Breadcrumb](/components/breadcrumb).

<ResponsiveImage src={NavigationWireframe} aria-hidden="true" alt="" />

### Accessibility

The Sidebar and Topbar navigation components have the following considerations:

- Ensure the [Skip links](https://www.w3.org/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/navigation-mechanisms-skip.html) are [correctly implemented](/components/sidebar#skip-links). This ensures users can easily and quickly access the main content of a web page by bypassing repeated blocks of content such as navigation links.
- Ensure the `SidebarNavigation` component is labelled with an accessible name.

> 

Reviewer: suggestion: Add a `## Ingredients` here because the Accessibility section looks like it's just kinda shoved in between everything right now.

### Topbar ingredients

<ResponsiveImage src={NavigationTopbar} aria-hidden="true" alt="" />

- [Topbar](/components/topbar)
- [Account Switcher](/components/account-switcher)
- [Anchor](/components/anchor)
- [Badge](/components/badge)
- [Combobox](/components/combobox)
- [Icons](/components/icons), particularly `ChevronDownIcon`, `SearchIcon`, `SupportIcon`, `UserIcon`
- [Menu](/components/menu)
- [Product Switcher](/components/product-switcher)
- [Status Menu](/components/status-menu)
- [User Dialog](/components/user-dialog)

### Sidebar ingredients

<ResponsiveImage src={NavigationSidebar} aria-hidden="true" alt="" />

- [Sidebar container](/components/sidebar)
- [Sidebar Navigation](/components/sidebar-navigation)
- [Icons](/components/icons), mainly product and feature logo icons

## Examples

### Product-agnostic

> <StoryPreview

Reviewer: idk when this was added, but the "Open in storybook" links are niceeee

Author: I can't remember exactly why I added it this feature, but it was for sidebar and topbar reasons

  title="Generic docs full composition"
  storyID="components-sidebar-fullcompositions--docs"
  code={`
<Sidebar
  sidebarNavigationSkipLinkID={sidebarNavigationSkipLinkID}
  topbarSkipLinkID={topbarSkipLinkID}
  mainContentSkipLinkID={mainContentSkipLinkID}
  collapsed={true}
  variant="compact"
>
  <SidebarHeader>
    <SidebarHeaderIconButton as="a" href="#">
      <LogoTwilioIcon size="sizeIcon20" decorative={false} title="Go to Console homepage" />
    </SidebarHeaderIconButton>
    <SidebarHeaderLabel>Twilio Console</SidebarHeaderLabel>
  </SidebarHeader>
  <SidebarBody>
  </SidebarBody>
  <SidebarFooter>
    <SidebarCollapseButton
      i18nCollapseLabel="Close sidebar"
      i18nExpandLabel="Open sidebar"
    />
  </SidebarFooter>
</Sidebar>
<SidebarPushContentWrapper collapsed={true} variant="compact">
  <Button variant="primary">
    Toggle Push Sidebar
  </Button>
</SidebarPushContentWrapper>`}
/>

<Box marginBottom="space70">
  <Callout variant="neutral">
    <CalloutHeading>Do you work on a Twilio product platform team?</CalloutHeading>
    <CalloutText>
      Navigation and information architecture are ever-evolving. Collaborate with us on defining more specific

>       guidelines for your product by [starting a GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/discussions).

Reviewer 2: todo: can't use markdown in jsx 

<img width="709" alt="image" src="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/assets/1592327/e31b26c1-6ba1-483d-a5d3-5e5d01c59703">
